UIowa Coding Exercise
----------------------
2. I estimate that this exercise will take me approximately 4 hours
     The first hour will be to get comfortable with C#
     The next 2 will be actually coding everything
     The last hour will be debugging
   The actually time it took was a little under 6 hours
     I probably could have gotten something bare bones working within the 4 hours
     However, I quickly realized I was having fun learning more about C# and lost track of time
     The file directories took a little bit to get used to, but paid off. 

3. Comments
     I Changed the ILetterService interface to include a distinction between the path and the filename
     This was to ease the creation of a new directory if one didn't already Exists
     Then I appended the filename to the path to create the file as needed

  a. I assumed the files given would not be very large. My combination function is not optimal for large files. 
     I assumed all IDs are of length 8, and all files end in .txt in lieu of .pdf or others. 
     I assumed all folders would not want to be run at once. Instead, I opted for running only current day files.
        If any older date files are needed to be run, I would manually change the date for each or run a for loop for the ones wanted. 

  b. For one, I have not worked much with C# so I had to spend some time getting used to the language.
     My main problems were stemming from file path errors for existance or non-existance. 
        These were solved by utilizing Directory.Exist() and File.Exist() to check for existance. 

  c. I am particularly proud of the moveFolder method that includes an else if the directory exists.
        If it exists, that means the exercise has ran already. 
        So, individual files are moved if new entries are found. 
        Otherwise old duplicates are deleted.
        Then new combination files are created, and a new report is generated correctly. 
        I was proud of this because then users can run multiple times if new entries arrive during the day.

  d. Nothing else. 

